AMAZON NOVA AI HACKATHON (THE "HACKATHON") OFFICIAL RULES

NO PURCHASE OR PAYMENT NECESSARY TO ENTER OR WIN. A PURCHASE OR PAYMENT WILL NOT INCREASE YOUR CHANCES OF WINNING.

SUBMISSION OF ANY ENTRY CONSTITUTES AGREEMENT TO THESE OFFICIAL RULES AS A CONTRACT BETWEEN ENTRANT (AND EACH INDIVIDUAL MEMBER OF ENTRANT), THE HACKATHON SPONSOR, AND DEVPOST.


1. Dates and Timing

Registration Period: February 2, 2026 (10:00 am Pacific Time) – March 16, 2026 (5:00 pm Pacific Time) ("Registration Period").

Submission Period: February 2, 2026 (10:00 am Pacific Time) – March 16, 2026 (5:00 pm Pacific Time) ("Submission Period").

Feedback Period: February 2, 2026 (10:00 am Pacific Time) – March 18, 2026 (5:00 pm Pacific Time) ("Feedback Period").

Judging Period: March 17, 2026 (10:00 am Pacific Time) – April 2, 2026 (5:00 pm Pacific Time) ("Judging Period").

Winners Announced: On or around April 8, 2026 (2:00 pm Pacific Time).


2. Sponsor and Administrator

Sponsor: Amazon Web Services ("Amazon"), 410 Terry Avenue North, Seattle, WA 98109-5210

Administrator: Devpost, Inc. ("Devpost"), 250 Broadway, 24FL, New York, NY 10007


3. Eligibility

The Hackathon IS open to:

Individuals who are at least the age of 18 where they reside as of the time of entry ("Eligible Individuals");
Teams of Eligible Individuals ("Teams"); and
Organizations (including corporations, not-for-profit corporations and other nonprofit organizations, limited liability companies, partnerships, and other legal entities) that exist and have been organized or incorporated at the time of entry.
Note: Organizations involved with the design, production, paid promotion, execution, or distribution of the Hackathon, including the Sponsor and Administrator ("Promotion Entities") are not eligible as outlined below.
(the above are collectively, "Entrants")

An Eligible Individual may join more than one Team or Organization and an Eligible Individual who is part of a Team or Organization may also enter the Hackathon on an individual basis. If a Team or Organization is entering the Hackathon, they must appoint and authorize one individual (the "Representative") to represent, act, and enter a Submission, on their behalf. By entering a Submission on behalf of a Team or Organization you represent and warrant that you are the Representative authorized to act on behalf of your Team or Organization.

The Hackathon IS NOT open to:

Individuals who are residents of, or Organizations domiciled in, a country, state, province or territory where the laws of the United States or local law prohibits participating or receiving a prize in the Hackathon (including, but not limited to Brazil, Quebec, Russia, Crimea, Cuba, Iran, North Korea, Syria and any other country designated by the United States Treasury's Office of Foreign Assets Control)
Organizations involved with the design, production, paid promotion, execution, or distribution of the Hackathon, including the Sponsor and Administrator ("Promotion Entities").
Employees, Representatives and agents of such Promotion Entities, and all members of their immediate family or household
Any other individual involved with the design, production, promotion, execution, or distribution of the Hackathon, and each member of their immediate family or household
Any Judge (defined below in Section 6), or company or individual that employs a Judge
Any parent company, subsidiary, or other affiliate of any organization described above
Any other individual or organization whose participation in the Hackathon would create, in the sole discretion of the Sponsor and/or Administrator, a real or apparent conflict of interest


4. How To Enter

Entrants may enter by visiting amazon-nova.devpost.com ("Hackathon Website") and following the below steps:

Register for the Hackathon on the Hackathon Website by clicking the "Join Hackathon" button. To complete registration, sign up to create a free Devpost account, or log in with an existing Devpost account. This will enable you to receive important updates and to create your Submission.

Entrants will obtain access to the required developer tools/platform and complete a Project described below in Project Requirements. Use of the developer tools will be subject to the license agreement related thereto. Entry in the Hackathon constitutes consent for the Sponsor and Devpost to collect and maintain an entrant's personal information for the purpose of operating and publicizing the Hackathon. Personal information may be shared with partners of the sponsor.

Get access to Amazon Nova models via Amazon Bedrock or nova.amazon.com/dev page.

Entrants must determine if they are eligible as a Student or Student Team or a Professional Individual or Team as defined below for the relevant Prizes. Please note that all Team Members must be part of said Entrant Type in order to be eligible for the Prize type.
  - Student Developer - An individual or team whose members are currently enrolled in a recognized academic institution, or are otherwise engaged in a process of learning, upskilling, or reskilling. You must indicate the name of the institution you are attending on the credit request form.
  - Professional Developer - An individual, team, or organization that doesn't meet the criteria for a Student Developer and whose members are not employees of any hackathon sponsor.

Student Developer Entrants and Professional Developer Entrants may request $100 in AWS Promotional Credits for the purpose of completing your Project for the Hackathon while supplies last. AWS Promotional Credits can only be requested by Entrants registered for the Hackathon and must be requested by March 13th at 5pm PT. In order to request AWS Promotional Credits, you must complete the form at: https://challengepost.wufoo.com/forms/m1udy4ml0km7g62/ Approved Student Developer Entrant requests will receive an email from Slalom (an AWS partner) within 72 business hours. Approved Professional Developer Entrant requests will receive an email within 72 business hours from Devpost. The Administrator and Sponsor may, at their sole discretion, provide credits exclusively to participants who demonstrated a valid submission idea. AWS Promotional Credits are subject to the AWS Promotional Credits terms and conditions found at: https://aws.amazon.com/awscredits/. AWS Promotional Credits are not redeemable for cash and can only be applied to AWS Services. AWS credits are available on a first-come first serve basis and while supplies last.

NOTE: Additional charges incurred by the Entrant for the use of AWS products are the responsibility of the Entrant. Entrants are encouraged to monitor their usage of services as to not incur additional charges.

Complete and enter all of the required fields on the "Enter a Submission" page of the Hackathon Website (each a "Submission") during the Submission Period and follow the requirements below.

To be considered for the Most Valuable Feedback Bonus Prizes, Entrants must complete an online form (each a "Feedback Submission"). Feedback Submissions must be submitted during the Feedback Period. To be eligible for a Feedback Prize, the Feedback Submission must be complete with actionable comments that Amazon can use to improve the Amazon Nova models or related documentation (for example, bug reports, user interface improvements, suggested integrations, and more). One Feedback Submission per Entrant.

Blog Post Bonus Prize Submission Requirements:
  - Publish a blog post on https://builder.aws.com/ about your project during the Submission Period.
  - Include a link to your published blog post on your Devpost Project submission form. The first 100 eligible posts will receive a Blog Post Bonus Prize.
  - Blog posts can cover similar topics but should be materially different than the Devpost Project text description.
  - Use the tag 'Amazon-Nova' and address the following question, offering valuable insights into your creative process and the potential influence of your project. The content of your blog post must be materially different from your submission questions.
  - Describe how your project built with Amazon Nova can positively affect your target community. Discuss the potential benefits, envisioned real-world application, and any plans for encouraging adoption.

Project Requirements

What to Create: Build a generative AI application using Amazon Nova on AWS. We encourage submissions that reflect one of the following focus areas. You may use any preferred services, frameworks (such as AWS Strands, Langchain), and tools (such as MCP, A2A), but the core solution must use a Nova foundation model (Nova 2 Lite, Nova 2 Sonic, multimodal embedding) and/or service (Nova Act).

  - Agentic AI: Build solutions where agents use Amazon Nova reasoning capabilities to tackle complex, real-world problems.
  - Multimodal Understanding: Use Amazon Nova to create rich, multimodal applications that can understand and/or generate across text, documents, speech, image, or video.
  - UI Automation: Build solutions where Nova Act-powered agents automate real-world UI workflows across web applications.
  - Voice AI: Build real-time conversational voice AI experiences using Nova 2 Sonic.
  - Freestyle: If your project doesn't fall into one of the above categories, enter the Freestyle category.

Functionality: The Project must be capable of being successfully installed and running consistently on the platform for which it is intended and must function as depicted in the video and/or expressed in the text description.

Platforms: A submitted Project must run on the platform for which it is intended and which is specified in the Submission Requirements.

New & Existing: Projects must be either newly created by the Entrant or, if the Entrant's Project existed prior to the Hackathon Submission Period, must have updated the project during the submission period.

Third Party Integrations: If a Project integrates any third-party SDK, APIs and/or data, Entrant must be authorized to use them in accordance with any terms and conditions or licensing requirements of the tool.


Submission Requirements

Submissions to the Hackathon must meet the following requirements:

- Include a Project built with the required developer tools and meets the above Project Requirements.
- Identify Submitter Type in one of the following categories:
    - Student Developer Team: A Student or student Team should be made up of those individuals who are enrolled through an accredited educational institution
    - Professional Developer Team: A Professional Developer or Professional Developer Team is an individual, team of individuals, or an Organization that are not students nor Sponsor employees
- Identify one Category for which you built your Project.
- Include a text description that should explain a brief summary of your project, its purpose, and how it leverages Amazon Nova foundation models
- Include a demonstration video of your Project:
    - should be around three (3) minutes. Judges are not required to watch beyond three minutes
    - should include footage that shows the Project functioning
    - must be uploaded to and made publicly visible on YouTube, Vimeo, or Youku, and a link to the video must be provided on the submission form on the Hackathon Website
    - should include the hashtag #AmazonNova
    - must not include third party trademarks, or copyrighted music or other material unless the Entrant has permission to use such material.
- Code Repository - if private, please share with testing@devpost.com and Amazon-Nova-hackathon@amazon.com


Multiple Submissions

An Entrant may submit more than one Submission, however, each Submission must be unique and substantially different from each of the Entrant's other Submissions, as determined by the Sponsor and Devpost in their sole discretion.

Testing

Access must be provided to an Entrant's working Project for judging and testing by providing a link to a website, functioning demo, or a test build. If Entrant's website is private, Entrant must include login credentials in its testing instructions. The Entrant must make the Project available free of charge and without any restriction, for testing, evaluation and use by the Sponsor, Administrator and Judges until the Judging Period ends. Judges are not required to test the Project and may choose to judge based solely on the text description, images, and video provided in the Submission.

Access can be provided to the Sponsor and Administrator by providing access to private projects to testing@devpost.com and Amazon-Nova-hackathon@amazon.com.

If the Project includes software that runs on proprietary or third party hardware that is not widely available to the public, including software running on devices or wearable technology other than smartphones, tablets, or desktop computers, the Sponsor and/or Administrator reserve the right, at their sole discretion, to require the Entrant to provide physical access to the Project hardware upon request.

Language Requirements

All Submission materials must be in English or, if not in English, the Entrant must provide an English translation of the demonstration video, text description, and testing instructions as well as all other materials submitted.

Team Representation

If a team or organization is entering the Hackathon, they must appoint and authorize one individual (the "Representative") to represent, act, and enter a Submission, on their behalf. The Representative must meet the eligibility requirements above. By entering a Submission on the Hackathon Website on behalf of a team or organization you represent and warrant that you are the Representative authorized to act on behalf of your team or organization.

Intellectual Property

Your Submission must: (a) be your (or your Team, or Organization's) original work product; (b) be solely owned by you, your Team, your Organization with no other person or entity having any right or interest in it; and (c) not violate the intellectual property rights or other rights including but not limited to copyright, trademark, patent, contract, and/or privacy rights, of any other person or entity. An Entrant may contract with a third party for technical assistance to create the Submission provided the Submission components are solely the Entrant's work product and the result of the Entrant's ideas and creativity, and the Entrant owns all rights to them. An Entrant may submit a Submission that includes the use of open source software or hardware, provided the Entrant complies with applicable open source licenses and, as part of the Submission, creates software that enhances and builds upon the features and functionality included in the underlying open source product. By entering the Hackathon, you represent, warrant, and agree that your Submission meets these requirements.

Financial or Preferential Support

A Project must not have been developed, or derived from a Project developed, with financial or preferential support from the Sponsor or Administrator. Such Projects include, but are not limited to, those that received funding or investment for their development, were developed under contract, or received a commercial license, from the Sponsor or Administrator any time prior to the end of Hackathon Submission Period. The Sponsor, at their sole discretion, may disqualify a Project, if awarding a prize to the Project would create a real or apparent conflict of interest.


5. Submission Modifications

Draft Submissions

Prior to the end of the Submission Period, you may save draft versions of your submission on Devpost to your portfolio before submitting the Submission materials to the Hackathon for evaluation. Once the Submission Period has ended, you may not make any changes or alterations to your Submission, but you may continue to update the Project in your Devpost portfolio.

Modifications

After the Submission Period. The Sponsor and Devpost may permit you to modify part of your Submission after the Submission Period for the purpose of adding, removing or replacing material that potentially infringes a third party mark or right, discloses personally identifiable information, or is otherwise inappropriate. The modified Submission must remain substantively the same as the original Submission with the only modification being what the Sponsor and Devpost permits.


6. Judges & Criteria

Eligible submissions will be evaluated by a panel of judges selected by the Sponsor (the "Judges"). Judges may be employees of the sponsor or third parties, may or may not be listed individually on the Hackathon Website, and may change before or during the Judging Period. Judging may take place in one or more rounds with one or more panels of Judges, at the discretion of the sponsor.

Stage One) The first stage will determine via pass/fail whether the ideas meet a baseline level of viability, in that the Project reasonably fits the theme and reasonably applies the required APIs/SDKs featured in the Hackathon.

Stage Two) All Submissions that pass Stage One will be evaluated in Stage Two based on the following criteria (the "Judging Criteria"):

Entries will be judged on the following criteria, and according to the sole and absolute discretion of the judges:

  - Technical Implementation - 60%: Includes the quality, effectiveness, successful integration with Amazon Nova, and overall system architecture.
  - Enterprise or Community Impact - 20%: Assesses how the solution delivers business value or creates meaningful benefits for communities.
  - Creativity and Innovation - 20%: Includes the novelty of the approach and innovative use of multi-agent systems to solve real-world problems.

The scores from the Judges will determine the potential winners of the applicable prizes. The Entrant(s) that are eligible for a Prize, and whose Submissions earn the highest overall scores based on the applicable Judging Criteria and Bonus Social Media Contributions will become potential winners of that Prize.

Tie Breaking

For each Prize listed below, if two or more Submissions are tied, the tied Submission with the highest score in the first applicable criterion listed above will be considered the higher scoring Submission. In the event any ties remain, this process will be repeated, as needed, by comparing the tied Submissions' scores on the next applicable criterion. If two or more Submissions are tied on all applicable criteria, the panel of Judges will vote on the tied Submissions.

Feedback Submission Criteria

Eligible Feedback Submissions will be evaluated based on the completeness, viability, and potential impact of the feedback.

Blog Post Bonus Prize Judging Criteria

The first 100 Eligible Bonus Blog Posts will be evaluated based on completeness and potential impact of the submissions that cover how your Project can positively affect your target community and discusses the potential benefits, envisioned real-world application, and any plans for encouraging adoption after the hackathon.


7. Intellectual Property Rights

All Submissions remain the intellectual property of the individuals or organizations that developed them. By submitting an entry, entrants agree that the Sponsor will have a fully paid, non-exclusive license to use such entry for judging the entry. Entrants agree that the sponsor and Devpost shall have the right to promote the Submission and use the name, likeness, voice and image of all individuals contributing to a Submission, in any materials promoting or publicizing the Hackathon and its results, during the Hackathon Period and for three years thereafter. Some Submission components may be displayed to the public. Other Submission materials may be viewed by the sponsor, Devpost, and judges for screening and evaluation. By submitting an entry or accepting any prize, entrants represent and warrant that (a) submitted content is not copyrighted, protected by trade secret or otherwise subject to third party intellectual property rights or other proprietary rights, including privacy and publicity rights, unless entrant is the owner of such rights or has permission from their rightful owner to post the content; and (b) the content submitted does not contain any viruses, Trojan horses, worms, spyware or other disabling devices or harmful or malicious code.
